README.md, before:

# Cb Response Event Forwarder

## Overview

The Cb Response Event Forwarder is a standalone service that will listen on the Cb Response enterprise bus and export
events (both watchlist/feed hits as well as raw endpoint events, if configured) in a normalized JSON or LEEF format.
The events can be saved to a file, delivered to a network service or archived automatically to an Amazon AWS S3 bucket.
These events can be consumed by any external system that accepts JSON or LEEF, including Splunk and IBM QRadar.

##Configuration 

The 3.6 Cb Response Event Forwarder has a three part processing pipeline which is specified:
in YAML format - with two crucicial parts - input and output.

1) input - this section defines a number of consumers each reading from a specific CbR server messaging bus
The list of events to collect is configurable.
By default all feed and watchlist hits, alerts, binary notifications, and raw sensor events are exported into JSON.  The
```
input: 
    cbserver1:
        cb_server_url: https://zestep-centos-cbresponseserver 
        # rabbitmq options are opitional, /etc/cb/.conf is used by default
        # if the folling are ommited
        rabbit_mq_username: cb
        rabbit_mq_hostname: localhost
        rabbit_mq_password:  
```
#Use this boolean option to control the use of the raw sensor exchange
#defaults to false
`use_raw_exchange : true`

## Subscribed Events 
The 3.6 event forwarder subcribes to `all-events` by default though the user
can specify explicit options for which events to listen to as so:
(within each individual input element)
event_map:
    events_watchlist:
        - watchlist.#
    events_feed:
        - feed.#
    events_alert:
        - alert.#
    events_raw_sensor:
        - ingress.event.process 
        - ingress.event.procstart
        - ingress.event.netconn
        - ingerss.event.procend
        - ingress.event.childproc
        - ingress.event.moduleload
        - ingress.event.module
        - ingress.event.filemod
        - ingress.event.regmod
        - ingress.event.tamper
        - ingress.event.crossprocopen
        - ingress.event.remotethread
        - ingress.event.processblock
        - ingress.event.emetmitigation
    events_binary_observed:
        - binaryinfo.#
    events_binary_upload:    
        - binarystore.#
    events_storage_parition:
        - events.partition.#

AMQPs tls can be configured by providing a `tls:` stanza within an individual input: 
```
tls:    
    client_cert: yourcert
    client_key: yourkey
    ca_cert: cacert
    tls_insecure: true # defaults false 
```

There are optional post processing arguments to enhance messages w/ api
callbacks (currently just report information)
Note these are expensive and over-the network HTTP callbacks,
and while a cache is used still incures significant overhead and should
not be attempted at scale.
```
post_processing:
    tls: 
        #slightly different than other TLS stanzas found in input/output
        verify: false # defaults to true
        tls_12_only: false # defaults to true 
        client_cert: client.cert
        client_key: client.key
        ca_cert: ca.cert
    api_proxy_url: proxyurl
    api_token: apitoken
```
Just specify the post processing options within an individual input element.
    
2) filter - this section of the pipeline defines an optional template for keeping/droping messages based on their contents. 
This is a top-level option, along side input: and output: 
```
filter:
    template: >-
              {{if (eq .type "alert.watchlist.hit.query.binary") -}}
                KEEP
              {{- else -}}
                DROP
              {{- end}}
```

3) output - this section defines a number of outputs, which can be of differing types (file,socket, etc)  and formats (json,LEEF, custom)
```
output:
    - file:
        path: "output-json.txt"
        format:
            type: json 
    - file:
        path: "output-leef.txt"
        format:
            type: leef 
    - file:
        path: "output-yaml.txt"
        format:
            type: template 
            template: "{{YamlFormat .}}"
```
## Supported Output Types in 3.6
The 3.6.0 CbR event-forwarder supports the same output options as 3.X:
Each output must provide path/connection information, other configuration options
specific to that output type and a format (like the old `output_format`) like so:

output formats
```
format: 
    type: json # leef, cef, template are the possible options
```
output options
```
file: 
    path: path/to/your/desiredoutput.type
    format:
        type: json
http:
    destination: https://myserver:51337
    # overide the default template ... http_post_template: 
    #upload_empty_files: false    
    #bundle_size_max: "50000000"
    #bundle_send_timeout: "500"
    #comma_seperate_events: false 
    # defaults to false 
    #headers:
    #   header: headervalue
    tls:
        #tls options
    format:
        type: json
socket:
   connection: tpc://host-or-ip:port 
   format: 
        type: json
splunk:
syslog:
    connection: tcp://host-or-ip:port 

```

## Support

The pre-built RPM is supported via our [User eXchange (Jive)](https://community.carbonblack.com/community/developer-relations) 
and via email to dev-support@carbonblack.com.  

## Raw Sensor Events 

We have seen a performance impact when exporting all raw sensor events onto the enterprise bus.  We do not recommend
exporting all the events.  The performance impacts are seen when the events are broadcast on the bus, by enabling the
"DatastoreBroadcastEventTypes".  We recommend that at most, only process and netconn events be broadcast on the event
bus. 

## Quickstart Guide

The cb-event-forwarder can be installed on any 64-bit Linux machine running CentOS 6.x. 
It can be installed on the same machine as the Cb Response server, or another machine. 
If you are forwarding a large volume of events to QRadar (for example, all file modifications and/or registry 
modifications), or are forwarding events from a Cb Response cluster, then installing it on a separate machine is recommended. 
Otherwise, it is acceptable to install the cb-event-forwarder on the Cb Response server itself.

### Installation

To install and configure the cb-event-forwarder, perform these steps as "root" on your target Linux system.

1. Install the CbOpenSource repository if it isn't already present:

    ```
    cd /etc/yum.repos.d
    curl -O https://opensource.carbonblack.com/release/x86_64/CbOpenSource.repo
    ```
2. Install the RPM via YUM: 

   ```
   yum install cb-event-forwarder
   ```

### Configure the cb-event-forwarder

Note: The 4.X event forwarder uses Yaml files for configuration. Values will be interpreted as their literal types, rather than using 0,1,T/F to represent booleans `true` or `false` should be used.

1. If installing on a machine *other than* the Cb Response server, copy the RabbitMQ username and password into the 
`rabbit_mq_username` and `rabbit_mq_password` variables in `/etc/cb/integrations/event-forwarder/cb-event-forwarder.conf` 
file. Also fill out the `cb_server_hostname` with the hostname or IP address where the Cb Response server can be reached.
If the cb-event-forwarder is forwarding events from a Cb Response cluster, the `cb_server_hostname` should be set
to the hostname or IP address of the Cb Response master node.
   
2. Ensure that the configuration is valid by running the cb-event-forwarder in Check mode: 
`/usr/share/cb/integrations/event-forwarder/cb-event-forwarder -check` as root. If everything is OK, you will see a 
message starting with "Initialized output”. If there are any errors, those errors will be printed to your screen.

### Configure Cb Response

By default, Cb publishes the `feed.*` and `watchlist.*` events over the bus (see the [Events documentation](EVENTS.md)
for more information). 
If you want to capture raw sensor events or the `binaryinfo.*` notifications, you have to enable those features in 
`/etc/cb/cb.conf`:

* If you are capturing raw sensor events then you also need to edit the `DatastoreBroadcastEventTypes` option in 
`/etc/cb/cb.conf` to enable broadcast of the raw sensor events you wish to export.
* If you are capturing binary observed events you also need to edit the `EnableSolrBinaryInfoNotifications` option in 
`/etc/cb/cb.conf` and set it to true.

Cb Response needs to be restarted if any variables were changed in `/etc/cb/cb.conf` by executing
`service cb-enterprise restart`. 

If you are configuring the cb-event-forwarder on a Cb Response cluster, the `DatastoreBroadcastEventTypes` and/or
`EnableSolrBinaryInfoNotifications` settings
must be distributed to the `/etc/cb/cb.conf` configuration file on all minion nodes and the cluster stopped and started using
the `/usr/share/cb/cbcluster stop && /usr/share/cb/cbcluster start` command.

### Starting and Stopping the Service

Once the service is installed, it is managed by the Upstart init system in CentOS 6.x. You can control the service via the 
initctl command.
* To start the service, `initctl start cb-event-forwarder`
* To stop the service, `initctl stop cb-event-forwarder`

Once the service is installed, it is configured to start automatically on system boot.

## Splunk

The Cb Response event forwarder can be used to export Cb Response events in a way easily configured for Splunk.  You'll
need to install and configure the Splunk TA to consume the Cb Response event data.   It is recommended that the event
bridge use a file based output with Splunk universal forwarder configured to monitor the file.   

More information about configuring the Splunk TA can be found [here](http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/latest/Bit9CarbonBlack/About)

## QRadar

The Cb Response event forwarder can forward Cb Response events in the LEEF format to QRadar. To forward Cb Response
events to a QRadar server:

1. Modify `/etc/cb/integrations/event-forwarder/cb-event-forwarder.conf` to include 
`udpout: "<qradaripaddress>:<port>"` (NOTE: Port is usually 514)
2. Change the output format to LEEF in the configuration file: `output_format: leef`.
3. Change the output type to UDP in the configuration file: `output_type: udp`.

For more information on the LEEF format, see the [Events documentation](EVENTS.md).

## Logging & Diagnostics

The connector logs to the directory `/var/log/cb/integrations/cb-event-forwarder`. An example of a successful startup log:

```
2015/12/07 12:57:26 cb-event-forwarder version 3.6.0 starting
2015/12/07 12:57:26 Interface address 172.22.10.7
2015/12/07 12:57:26 Interface address fe80::20c:29ff:fe85:bcd0
2015/12/07 12:57:26 Configured to capture events: [watchlist.hit.# watchlist.storage.hit.# feed.ingress.hit.# 
feed.storage.hit.# feed.query.hit.# alert.watchlist.hit.# ingress.event.process ingress.event.procstart 
ingress.event.netconn ingress.event.procend ingress.event.childproc ingress.event.moduleload 
ingress.event.module ingress.event.filemod ingress.event.regmod binaryinfo.# binarystore.file.added]
2015/12/07 12:57:26 Initialized output: File /var/cb/data/event_bridge_output.json
2015/12/07 12:57:26 Diagnostics available via HTTP at http://cbtest:33706/debug/vars
2015/12/07 12:57:26 Starting AMQP loop
2015/12/07 12:57:26 Connecting to message bus...
2015/12/07 12:57:26 Subscribed to watchlist.hit.#
2015/12/07 12:57:26 Subscribed to watchlist.storage.hit.#
2015/12/07 12:57:26 Subscribed to feed.ingress.hit.#
2015/12/07 12:57:26 Subscribed to feed.storage.hit.#
2015/12/07 12:57:26 Subscribed to feed.query.hit.#
2015/12/07 12:57:26 Subscribed to alert.watchlist.hit.#
2015/12/07 12:57:26 Subscribed to ingress.event.process
2015/12/07 12:57:26 Subscribed to ingress.event.procstart
2015/12/07 12:57:26 Subscribed to ingress.event.netconn
2015/12/07 12:57:26 Subscribed to ingress.event.procend
2015/12/07 12:57:26 Subscribed to ingress.event.childproc
2015/12/07 12:57:26 Subscribed to ingress.event.moduleload
2015/12/07 12:57:26 Subscribed to ingress.event.module
2015/12/07 12:57:26 Subscribed to ingress.event.filemod
2015/12/07 12:57:26 Subscribed to ingress.event.regmod
2015/12/07 12:57:26 Subscribed to binaryinfo.#
2015/12/07 12:57:26 Subscribed to binarystore.file.added
2015/12/07 12:57:26 Starting 4 message processors
```

In addition to the log file, the service starts an HTTP service for monitoring and debugging. The URL is available in 
the log file (see the “Diagnostics available” line above). The port is configurable through the `http_server_port`
option in the configuration file.

The diagnostics are presented as a JSON formatted string. The diagnostics include operational information on the
service itself, how long the service has been running, errors, and basic configuration information. An example
output from the JSON status is shown below:

```
{
  "version": "3.0.0",
  "uptime": 145.617786697,
  "cmdline": [
    "/usr/share/cb/integrations/event-forwarder/cb-event-forwarder",
    "/etc/cb/integrations/event-forwarder/cb-event-forwarder.conf"
  ],
  "connection_status": {
    "uptime": 145.471995845,
    "last_error_time": "0001-01-01T00:00:00Z",
    "last_error_text": "",
    "last_connect_time": "2015-12-08T00:22:56.566600876-05:00",
    "connected": true
  },
  "error_count": 0,
  "input_event_count": 29,
  "memstats": {...},
  "output_event_count": 29,
  "output_status": {
    "type": "file",
    "format": "json",
    "file:/var/cb/data/event_bridge_output.json": {
      "file_name": "/var/cb/data/event_bridge_output.json",
      "last_open_time": "2015-12-08T00:22:56.3.6385291-05:00"
    }
  },
  "subscribed_events": [
    "watchlist.hit.#",
    "watchlist.storage.hit.#",
    "feed.ingress.hit.#",
    "feed.storage.hit.#",
    "feed.query.hit.#",
    "alert.watchlist.hit.#",
    "ingress.event.process",
    "ingress.event.procstart",
    "ingress.event.netconn",
    "ingress.event.procend",
    "ingress.event.childproc",
    "ingress.event.moduleload",
    "ingress.event.module",
    "ingress.event.filemod",
    "ingress.event.regmod",
    "binaryinfo.#",
    "binarystore.file.added"
  ]
}
```
## Building from source

It is recommended to use the latest avialable golang toolchain for your environment

Go-Plugin support is crucial to the plugin implementation and is subject to bugs in MacOSX, therefore plugins can not be at present supported on that system. (Although the forwarder as a whole, and the standard outoputs will work just fine)

Setup your GOPATH environment variable.
See [https://golang.org/doc/code.html#GOPATH](https://golang.org/doc/code.html#GOPATH) for details
```
go get github.com/carbonblack/cb-event-forwarder
go get -u github.com/golang/protobuf/proto
go get -u github.com/golang/protobuf/protoc-gen-go
go generate ./...
go get ./...
go build
```

Commit message:

Readme updates to show how to mount and run in docker

README.md, after:

# Cb Response Event Forwarder

## Overview

The Cb Response Event Forwarder is a standalone service that will listen on the Cb Response enterprise bus and export
events (both watchlist/feed hits as well as raw endpoint events, if configured) in a normalized JSON or LEEF format.
The events can be saved to a file, delivered to a network service or archived automatically to an Amazon AWS S3 bucket.
These events can be consumed by any external system that accepts JSON or LEEF, including Splunk and IBM QRadar.

##Configuration 

The 3.6 Cb Response Event Forwarder has a three part processing pipeline which is specified:
in YAML format - with two crucicial parts - input and output.

1) input - this section defines a number of consumers each reading from a specific CbR server messaging bus
The list of events to collect is configurable.
By default all feed and watchlist hits, alerts, binary notifications, and raw sensor events are exported into JSON.  The
```
input: 
    cbserver1:
        cb_server_url: https://zestep-centos-cbresponseserver 
        # rabbitmq options are opitional, /etc/cb/.conf is used by default
        # if the folling are ommited
        rabbit_mq_username: cb
        rabbit_mq_hostname: localhost
        rabbit_mq_password:  
```
#Use this boolean option to control the use of the raw sensor exchange
#defaults to false
`use_raw_exchange : true`

## Subscribed Events 
The 3.6 event forwarder subcribes to `all-events` by default though the user
can specify explicit options for which events to listen to as so:
(within each individual input element)
event_map:
    events_watchlist:
        - watchlist.#
    events_feed:
        - feed.#
    events_alert:
        - alert.#
    events_raw_sensor:
        - ingress.event.process 
        - ingress.event.procstart
        - ingress.event.netconn
        - ingerss.event.procend
        - ingress.event.childproc
        - ingress.event.moduleload
        - ingress.event.module
        - ingress.event.filemod
        - ingress.event.regmod
        - ingress.event.tamper
        - ingress.event.crossprocopen
        - ingress.event.remotethread
        - ingress.event.processblock
        - ingress.event.emetmitigation
    events_binary_observed:
        - binaryinfo.#
    events_binary_upload:    
        - binarystore.#
    events_storage_parition:
        - events.partition.#

AMQPs tls can be configured by providing a `tls:` stanza within an individual input: 
```
tls:    
    client_cert: yourcert
    client_key: yourkey
    ca_cert: cacert
    tls_insecure: true # defaults false 
```

There are optional post processing arguments to enhance messages w/ api
callbacks (currently just report information)
Note these are expensive and over-the network HTTP callbacks,
and while a cache is used still incures significant overhead and should
not be attempted at scale.
```
post_processing:
    tls: 
        #slightly different than other TLS stanzas found in input/output
        verify: false # defaults to true
        tls_12_only: false # defaults to true 
        client_cert: client.cert
        client_key: client.key
        ca_cert: ca.cert
    api_proxy_url: proxyurl
    api_token: apitoken
```
Just specify the post processing options within an individual input element.
    
2) filter - this section of the pipeline defines an optional template for keeping/droping messages based on their contents. 
This is a top-level option, along side input: and output: 
```
filter:
    template: >-
              {{if (eq .type "alert.watchlist.hit.query.binary") -}}
                KEEP
              {{- else -}}
                DROP
              {{- end}}
```

3) output - this section defines a number of outputs, which can be of differing types (file,socket, etc)  and formats (json,LEEF, custom)
```
output:
    - file:
        path: "output-json.txt"
        format:
            type: json 
    - file:
        path: "output-leef.txt"
        format:
            type: leef 
    - file:
        path: "output-yaml.txt"
        format:
            type: template 
            template: "{{YamlFormat .}}"
```
## Supported Output Types in 3.6
The 3.6.0 CbR event-forwarder supports the same output options as 3.X:
Each output must provide path/connection information, other configuration options
specific to that output type and a format (like the old `output_format`) like so:

output formats
```
format: 
    type: json # leef, cef, template are the possible options
```
output options
```
file: 
    path: path/to/your/desiredoutput.type
    format:
        type: json
http:
    destination: https://myserver:51337
    # overide the default template ... http_post_template: 
    #upload_empty_files: false    
    #bundle_size_max: "50000000"
    #bundle_send_timeout: "500"
    #comma_seperate_events: false 
    # defaults to false 
    #headers:
    #   header: headervalue
    tls:
        #tls options
    format:
        type: json
socket:
   connection: tpc://host-or-ip:port 
   format: 
        type: json
splunk:
syslog:
    connection: tcp://host-or-ip:port 

```

## Support

The pre-built RPM is supported via our [User eXchange (Jive)](https://community.carbonblack.com/community/developer-relations) 
and via email to dev-support@carbonblack.com.  

## Raw Sensor Events 

We have seen a performance impact when exporting all raw sensor events onto the enterprise bus.  We do not recommend
exporting all the events.  The performance impacts are seen when the events are broadcast on the bus, by enabling the
"DatastoreBroadcastEventTypes".  We recommend that at most, only process and netconn events be broadcast on the event
bus. 

## Quickstart Guide

The cb-event-forwarder can be installed on any 64-bit Linux machine running CentOS 6.x. 
It can be installed on the same machine as the Cb Response server, or another machine. 
If you are forwarding a large volume of events to QRadar (for example, all file modifications and/or registry 
modifications), or are forwarding events from a Cb Response cluster, then installing it on a separate machine is recommended. 
Otherwise, it is acceptable to install the cb-event-forwarder on the Cb Response server itself.

### Installation

To install and configure the cb-event-forwarder, perform these steps as "root" on your target Linux system.

1. Install the CbOpenSource repository if it isn't already present:

    ```
    cd /etc/yum.repos.d
    curl -O https://opensource.carbonblack.com/release/x86_64/CbOpenSource.repo
    ```
2. Install the RPM via YUM: 

   ```
   yum install cb-event-forwarder
   ```

### Configure the cb-event-forwarder

Note: The 4.X event forwarder uses Yaml files for configuration. Values will be interpreted as their literal types, rather than using 0,1,T/F to represent booleans `true` or `false` should be used.

1. If installing on a machine *other than* the Cb Response server, copy the RabbitMQ username and password into the 
`rabbit_mq_username` and `rabbit_mq_password` variables in `/etc/cb/integrations/event-forwarder/cb-event-forwarder.conf` 
file. Also fill out the `cb_server_hostname` with the hostname or IP address where the Cb Response server can be reached.
If the cb-event-forwarder is forwarding events from a Cb Response cluster, the `cb_server_hostname` should be set
to the hostname or IP address of the Cb Response master node.
   
2. Ensure that the configuration is valid by running the cb-event-forwarder in Check mode: 
`/usr/share/cb/integrations/event-forwarder/cb-event-forwarder -check` as root. If everything is OK, you will see a 
message starting with "Initialized output”. If there are any errors, those errors will be printed to your screen.

### Configure Cb Response

By default, Cb publishes the `feed.*` and `watchlist.*` events over the bus (see the [Events documentation](EVENTS.md)
for more information). 
If you want to capture raw sensor events or the `binaryinfo.*` notifications, you have to enable those features in 
`/etc/cb/cb.conf`:

* If you are capturing raw sensor events then you also need to edit the `DatastoreBroadcastEventTypes` option in 
`/etc/cb/cb.conf` to enable broadcast of the raw sensor events you wish to export.
* If you are capturing binary observed events you also need to edit the `EnableSolrBinaryInfoNotifications` option in 
`/etc/cb/cb.conf` and set it to true.

Cb Response needs to be restarted if any variables were changed in `/etc/cb/cb.conf` by executing
`service cb-enterprise restart`. 

If you are configuring the cb-event-forwarder on a Cb Response cluster, the `DatastoreBroadcastEventTypes` and/or
`EnableSolrBinaryInfoNotifications` settings
must be distributed to the `/etc/cb/cb.conf` configuration file on all minion nodes and the cluster stopped and started using
the `/usr/share/cb/cbcluster stop && /usr/share/cb/cbcluster start` command.

### Starting and Stopping the Service

Once the service is installed, it is managed by the Upstart init system in CentOS 6.x. You can control the service via the 
initctl command.
* To start the service, `initctl start cb-event-forwarder`
* To stop the service, `initctl stop cb-event-forwarder`

Once the service is installed, it is configured to start automatically on system boot.

## Splunk

The Cb Response event forwarder can be used to export Cb Response events in a way easily configured for Splunk.  You'll
need to install and configure the Splunk TA to consume the Cb Response event data.   It is recommended that the event
bridge use a file based output with Splunk universal forwarder configured to monitor the file.   

More information about configuring the Splunk TA can be found [here](http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/AddOns/latest/Bit9CarbonBlack/About)

## QRadar

The Cb Response event forwarder can forward Cb Response events in the LEEF format to QRadar. To forward Cb Response
events to a QRadar server:

1. Modify `/etc/cb/integrations/event-forwarder/cb-event-forwarder.conf` to include 
`udpout: "<qradaripaddress>:<port>"` (NOTE: Port is usually 514)
2. Change the output format to LEEF in the configuration file: `output_format: leef`.
3. Change the output type to UDP in the configuration file: `output_type: udp`.

For more information on the LEEF format, see the [Events documentation](EVENTS.md).

## Logging & Diagnostics

The connector logs to the directory `/var/log/cb/integrations/cb-event-forwarder`. An example of a successful startup log:

```
2015/12/07 12:57:26 cb-event-forwarder version 3.6.0 starting
2015/12/07 12:57:26 Interface address 172.22.10.7
2015/12/07 12:57:26 Interface address fe80::20c:29ff:fe85:bcd0
2015/12/07 12:57:26 Configured to capture events: [watchlist.hit.# watchlist.storage.hit.# feed.ingress.hit.# 
feed.storage.hit.# feed.query.hit.# alert.watchlist.hit.# ingress.event.process ingress.event.procstart 
ingress.event.netconn ingress.event.procend ingress.event.childproc ingress.event.moduleload 
ingress.event.module ingress.event.filemod ingress.event.regmod binaryinfo.# binarystore.file.added]
2015/12/07 12:57:26 Initialized output: File /var/cb/data/event_bridge_output.json
2015/12/07 12:57:26 Diagnostics available via HTTP at http://cbtest:33706/debug/vars
2015/12/07 12:57:26 Starting AMQP loop
2015/12/07 12:57:26 Connecting to message bus...
2015/12/07 12:57:26 Subscribed to watchlist.hit.#
2015/12/07 12:57:26 Subscribed to watchlist.storage.hit.#
2015/12/07 12:57:26 Subscribed to feed.ingress.hit.#
2015/12/07 12:57:26 Subscribed to feed.storage.hit.#
2015/12/07 12:57:26 Subscribed to feed.query.hit.#
2015/12/07 12:57:26 Subscribed to alert.watchlist.hit.#
2015/12/07 12:57:26 Subscribed to ingress.event.process
2015/12/07 12:57:26 Subscribed to ingress.event.procstart
2015/12/07 12:57:26 Subscribed to ingress.event.netconn
2015/12/07 12:57:26 Subscribed to ingress.event.procend
2015/12/07 12:57:26 Subscribed to ingress.event.childproc
2015/12/07 12:57:26 Subscribed to ingress.event.moduleload
2015/12/07 12:57:26 Subscribed to ingress.event.module
2015/12/07 12:57:26 Subscribed to ingress.event.filemod
2015/12/07 12:57:26 Subscribed to ingress.event.regmod
2015/12/07 12:57:26 Subscribed to binaryinfo.#
2015/12/07 12:57:26 Subscribed to binarystore.file.added
2015/12/07 12:57:26 Starting 4 message processors
```

In addition to the log file, the service starts an HTTP service for monitoring and debugging. The URL is available in 
the log file (see the “Diagnostics available” line above). The port is configurable through the `http_server_port`
option in the configuration file.

The diagnostics are presented as a JSON formatted string. The diagnostics include operational information on the
service itself, how long the service has been running, errors, and basic configuration information. An example
output from the JSON status is shown below:

```
{
  "version": "3.0.0",
  "uptime": 145.617786697,
  "cmdline": [
    "/usr/share/cb/integrations/event-forwarder/cb-event-forwarder",
    "/etc/cb/integrations/event-forwarder/cb-event-forwarder.conf"
  ],
  "connection_status": {
    "uptime": 145.471995845,
    "last_error_time": "0001-01-01T00:00:00Z",
    "last_error_text": "",
    "last_connect_time": "2015-12-08T00:22:56.566600876-05:00",
    "connected": true
  },
  "error_count": 0,
  "input_event_count": 29,
  "memstats": {...},
  "output_event_count": 29,
  "output_status": {
    "type": "file",
    "format": "json",
    "file:/var/cb/data/event_bridge_output.json": {
      "file_name": "/var/cb/data/event_bridge_output.json",
      "last_open_time": "2015-12-08T00:22:56.3.6385291-05:00"
    }
  },
  "subscribed_events": [
    "watchlist.hit.#",
    "watchlist.storage.hit.#",
    "feed.ingress.hit.#",
    "feed.storage.hit.#",
    "feed.query.hit.#",
    "alert.watchlist.hit.#",
    "ingress.event.process",
    "ingress.event.procstart",
    "ingress.event.netconn",
    "ingress.event.procend",
    "ingress.event.childproc",
    "ingress.event.moduleload",
    "ingress.event.module",
    "ingress.event.filemod",
    "ingress.event.regmod",
    "binaryinfo.#",
    "binarystore.file.added"
  ]
}
```
## Building from source

It is recommended to use the latest avialable golang toolchain for your environment

Go-Plugin support is crucial to the plugin implementation and is subject to bugs in MacOSX, therefore plugins can not be at present supported on that system. (Although the forwarder as a whole, and the standard outoputs will work just fine)

Setup your GOPATH environment variable.
See [https://golang.org/doc/code.html#GOPATH](https://golang.org/doc/code.html#GOPATH) for details
```
```

##Running in Docker
Simply pull down the docker container for the cbr event forwarder and mount a directory
containing your disired configuration into the running container so it is available for use.
docker run -it --mount type=bind,source="$PWD",destination=/vol cbdevnetwork/cb-event-forwarder
